So why don’t we
Destroy Qín Fēng?
What are you planning?
This
I had someone
Investigate
Turns out Qín Fēng
Is actually an adopted son of the Qín family
The heir to the Qín family
Is only the eldest daughter of the Qín family
What are you going to do?
Over the years
Qín Fēng has been searching
For his biological parents
What if
We find them?
Jiā Háo
Qín Fēng and Qín Ruò Yǔ
Have humiliated us like this
We must
Make them pay
Sī Sī
If I didn’t have you
What would I do?
Jiā Háo
As long as you know
I love you, that’s enough
Of course
Qín Fēng, Qín Ruò Yǔ
You dare treat me like this
Don’t blame me for not holding back
And going all out
Qín Fēng